smartphones have really changed a lot of
things everything's mobile now you know
you can you can do everything from the
palm of your hand check your email go on
the internet play games yeah the games
are amazing but the one problem is the
controls there's a lack of precision
there you know you're actually using
virtual joysticks virtual buttons on the
screen and use its blocking your vision
they aren't quite good enough to control
these these advanced 3d games my name is
david bomb i'm the CEO of blade pad
blade pad is both a protective case for
your iphone and a full console video
game controller which connects over
bluetooth we really just wanted to make
a very mobile device that had the full
capabilities of a console controller
something where if you put it in gamers
hands it would instantly feel familiar
the way you hold blade pad is extremely
comfortable it feels like any other
console controller while still being
able to stay thin so it can fit in your
pocket but when you pull it out and put
hold it in your hands it just feels
right mobility is that one of the the
key features that make smartphones so
attractive a true solution for a game
controller has to be mobile it has to be
something that it's not being
inconvenience when you're on the go you
put your iPhone in the case and then the
gamepad just slides out underneath the
case when you don't want the case you
slide it back in you can actually detach
it from the case and just toss in your
bag leave it at home and get rid of that
unnecessary bulk so we're proud to
announce that blade pad will work with
iOS devices that have Bluetooth 4.0 that
means the iphone 4s ipad 3 and the
iphone 5 when it comes out this fall a
blade powder to peel the hardcore gamer
because they're going to be able to play
the games that they're wanting to play
and not have to bring around a separate
device we wanted to make sure that this
this device was capable of playing two
types of games you play on your ps3 in
your xbox because those same types of
games
are coming out for the iphone and so you
really need those capabilities and in
the controls